feat: init commit, add contracts design, basic tests and config (#1)
nervosnetwork/force-bridge-eth: eth-contracts/README.md

> # CKBChain
> a ckb light client and spv prover on ethereum
> 
> # TokenLocker
> TokenLocker is linked to the fungible token on Ethereum side and mintable fungible
> token on CKB side, it also links to the prover that it uses to unlock the tokens.
> 
> ## Quick Start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ethereum contracts component of forece-bridge-eth, mainly contains `CKBChain` and `TokenLocker`.

# CKBChain
CKBChain is a ckb light client and spv prover.

# TokenLocker
TokenLocker locks erc-20 token or eth, and emits events, which can be used to mint sUDT token on CKB. In reverse, it handle bridge message(sUDT burned) from CKB, and unlock erc-20 token or eth if the message is verified.

# Quick Start
```

Reviewer 2: There is usually only one level 1 title (`#`) in a doc.
